Malaysia Factoring System

Maybe one last question, 
maybe this is the relish a yep,  
but just general question. 

For example let’s say 
under 1 client they have for example 2 debts with us,  and we would like to use the repayment , 
let’s say there’s an extra repayment for the 1st one debt 
I want to use extra repayment for the 1st debt to set off the 2nd one, 
do we have any like set off setting in the system,  or is there something that we can do with the system.

 
I think that’s something really matters. 
That’s something can be customized based on your needs, maybe we have more holistic issues to show all the items.

is there interface to see all the debts for 1 client. 

I think this is at contract level, but understand that could be  multiple debts check under 1  contract. 

Do we have a list for all those debts?

For example,  there is multiple invoices under 1 contract, are we able to see those fees sheet?

Your voice is a bit breaking out here, can you comment again sorry. 
 
 i see, so actually I can view the client name for example Yancheng I can see this is all the debts under this client. 

You want to know the history under you know 1 client everything csckita 

You want to know everything I mean how many dimensions you looking for all historical stories records all the linkage just filter with 1 client name and see all the related staff.

just checking e if you want to export the data to a excel, is there a way to export as a button there? 

Where to check so this is a from perspective of 1 funder right, let’s say 2 companies, funder A and funder B, right,  is there something issued on the platform?

So I have 2 banks, how does it show in the platform.

Whey lend someone the money, 
is it always the same company that you lending the money? Or there is a small 
Who is the funder of the facility.  


I See so um in a way is like a having another account right now, let’s see 2 funders and 2 different logins isn’t it? 

Is trying to say as for example let’s take kaibei as an example kaibei is a group company but under kaibei there are multiple subsidiaries. 

 


